Badmouths a real hole in the sock when it comes to those large governmental agencies
He wakes up when he wants and does what he wants cause it’s really nobody’s business except for him right
His mum and pop knew from the start that he’d shake up the nest and he certainly did.
He lived in a city called UpDown that was really big on cooperation and everyone putting in equal work to get a place in the city.
They had no champion but did have a mayor.
They were one of those cities that didn’t have a problem with the gods because they believed that shit not fair and that’s just the way you sing it right.
Maddik said that’s fucking rotting beaks right there and spoke out against the government in the election of a new mayor.
He said they were a mindless democracy that didn’t treat their lads properly and that they still bowed to gods that have been dead for centuries. 
They wouldn’t listen to him though, said he was a rebel whistleblower that didn’t want to work none.
But he didn’t stop, he would show up to every conference and gathering to speak less than kindly about the conditions they were living in.
And he started getting more educated too, actually citing resources that noted several discrepancies in the way the city ran itself.
Eventually it got bad enough where they asked Maddik to leave the city, but he refused saying that he had the right to speak what’s on his beak and that he pays rent 12 days earlier than when it’s due.
He was smart, and actually caught them in a bind where they couldn’t get him to leave by any law as he wasn’t really doing anything wrong.
But the mayor wouldn’t accept this, and hatched a plot to get Badmouth out one way or another
He hired a villain to seek out Maddik and destroy him, if Maddik survived he might be able to figure out that the attack was plotted, but he wasn’t going to survive.
He had hired an owl named MaxMurder, and this owl was a force to be reckoned with. Usually requiring a team to defeat.
MaxMurder gets stronger and faster the more kills he gets, so the mayor gave him a safe 13 to start with.
No way Maddik would have survived, and he pretty much knew it, but he wanted to put on one last show if he could.
He ducked dodged and hustled his way around knife stabs, knowing each one would put him on a wicker box.
While doing so, he figured out soon enough that the mayor was up to this, and began his boasts.
“Bozo mayoral candidate, wants me to believe that he didn’t have a hand in giving duck-duck kill-a-billion jackpot here a nice handful of homicides for his well-being.” 
“I mean come on man you think you’re the mastermind yeah? I think you’d need just a few more steps than that,‘alright it's time now while noones looking to go online for some no goodery. First step I’ll look for gangsters on hootub and then choose the one that looks the most like a threat’ 
‘Next I’ll mail him money say hey could ya kill somebody and by the time I’m done with my coffee I’ll be running for president while Maddiks blood stains the cracked cement.’ 
‘Man It’s just too easy’, yeah that’s what you think right but I’m the guy on the mic and I can tell em the future presidents an ass, write an a cappellas about the other things you ‘didn’t do’, Taylor rhymes bout the lies that didn’t fool me, cause it’s easy to play unfair , and your lazy wanna stay sitting in your reclining chair.’ 
‘Well maybe my days are numbered the stubborn government hater bitched and died days later due to an accident that had to have been the work of some other men close the case end the story don’t forget to toss the body so yeah I’ll die here like a martyr but come tomorrow morning I’ll be a hero and you’ll be boring basic shtick of another corrupted kid that we’ve properly dealt with and is now drinking sewage from the ditch you chucked me in.’ 
‘Fuck you man.’
After dropping the mic it resonated with a huge blast of energy that sent MaxMurder straight into a wall, destroying him instantly.
The mayor was arrested for every crime in the book and Maddik left his home town for Owl City to go on SSDS missions, although never registering as a hero because he doesn’t like being a part of any organization.
