Glav is an owl who lives in the Inner Core Region, which is a region that is literally inside the planet of Owl World.
These owls use the inside core of owl world as their pseudo sun and buy out micro stars for a more natural environment.
There is a rotating ring around the core that acts as the day/night indicator for the owls living there.
Glav’s parents were steam elementals, using their abilities to create quite clever apparatuses.
When glav was born, he began to overheat heavily, it became so severe that his parents couldn’t touch him for too long.
They called a doctor and were met with Dr Shlam who diagnosed his as having a super hyper muscular inflammation.
Glav would survive, but resting would be difficult for him.
So Shlamm phoned an associate named Green Mass Potassium.
In a few minutes, the owl showed up to the scene, and was requested to use his powers on Glav,
Doing so worked very well and allowed the owl to fall fast asleep.
Shlamm prescribed Glav with eating 40 bananas a day to provide the sustainable amount of potassium.
He also gave a Potassium Splodo in case of emergencies.
The inner regions of the planet are home to a large number of evil scientists, as it is the best place for factories and manufacturing to operate.
The best materials are down there as well.
Glav was appointed as a worker for large inventors like Noodles, operating his mega machines and gathering parts for a build.
The high body temperatures he would reach when not consuming potassium came in handy for melting and welding pieces of metal together.
He could also use the power of steam like his parents.
One inventor created a full body suit of armor that would transfer the heat Slav generated to the outer layer of the armor.
The evil scientists had a meeting every now and then, and Glav was allowed to view the discussions.
The most recent meeting was discussing the new member they had acquired.
His name was Gamie and he wanted to rid owl world of some owls that mistreated him and others.
Gamie was… different though.
He was a machine, one that had to connect to circuits and wires in order to properly think and communicate.
He was originally found without a body and used as a funny gag for a talk show the owls had.
But since then Gamie had been tossed from the lime light and has developed some strange plans.
But one thing was for certain, he was smart, very very smart.
After the conference was over, Gamie passed by Glav on the way out and studied him as he ate a banana.
“Why do you keep consuming those.” He asked flatly.
“Oh, my uh, muscles have a habit of overheating so-“
“I am already aware of the severe inflammatory myopathy your body experiences, Gregory Marvin Potassium is capable of providing a suitable amount of potassium and magnesium that can keep your muscles from overheating what I am ASKING you is why your supplement medication for keeping your condition at bay is 20 BANANAS A DAY” 
"which was why I appended the word 'keep' into my initial question because I am aware of why you do it but am perplexed in why that is the CONTINUAL solution to your issue, WHY you eat them was NOT the question." 
Glav said: "well it's the best way to treat my condition so-"
"FALLACY" Gamie persisted
"But that's what Dr Shlamm recommended-"
"Dr Shlamm is not All-knowing and has let his old age be the largest contributing factor to his judgment and performance, being incapable of recollecting all of his very own research papers and letting his mood determine what prescription he's going to give to a kid as a permanent solution."
"He diagnosed the surface level issue regarding your condition without even conceptualizing the possibility that the inner workings of you body are potentially over administering an incredibly high amount of calcium ions which is resulting in your body being placed in a constant state of Rigor Mortis, or in this context, Rigor Vitae, which has OCCURED because of your  Sarcoplasmic Endoplasmic Reticulum Calcium pump being scorched open inside your body due to your steam ability working on overhaul after the stress you experienced after being hatched/" 
"The sarco-what tube?"
"IT IS A TUBE THAT IS IMBEDDED INTO your muscles that REGULATES the muscle contractions via the RELEASE of calcium IONS."
"It has been blown the FUCK open since your birth and is causing an UNSUSTAINABLE condition in your body that is causing SEVERE METABOLIC EXHAUSTION and MUSCLE DAMAGE that will leave you as a flabby pile of noodly MEAT in ONE TO TWO YEARS if your SERCA pump is NOT RESTORED, it is a MIRACLE that the pumps to your HEART AND LUNGS ARE STILL INTACT OR YOU WOULD BE DEAD RIGHT NOW" 
"oh shit I didn't know that, would, would it be fixable now like do I need to go see a doctor or something-"
"I HAVE ALREADY FIXED IT DURING OUR CONVERSATION."
"What?? oh, thank you that's a relief-"
"You need to SIT in a QUITE ROOM and practice flexing and relaxing your muscles using your HEART and LUNG MOVEMENT as a reference until you can nail it down WHILST additionally controling your steam and overheat powers so that you can still utilize them without KILLING YOURSELF OR RECEIVING ADDITIONAL BRAIN DAMAGE!" 
Gamie began to angrily storm out of the conference room while Glav proccessed what was happening.
"But, if you already knew this was happening then why didn't you tell someone earlier?" He said
this seemed to send Gamie because Glav BLINKED and saw that the machine was standing over him with an ANGRY face and inhaling a large amount of air ready to turn into some POWERFUL insults.
"BECAUSE YOUR INCOMPETENCE IS NOT MY RESPONSIBILITY."
Gamie was a very disturbed individual but he was rarely incorrect about what he spoke of.
with his knowledge, Glav has been able to control his abilities with extreme precision to which muscle he can overheat.
he is now a part time hero, fighting villains such as Gamie.

