Dylan Wales is an orphan owl who grew up in the at the edge of Funktown, where there was a service for owls without homes hosted by DJ Busta Billy, where they would give the owls lessons on the musical arts and even give them an instrument of their choosing at the end of the class.
Wales liked the drums.
He became friends with three very chipper and a little bit violent owls.
They were called the semi-sisters as they were kept and hatched by a hero owl named Supercritical Sharpness, he had adopted them and gave them a tutor who would teach them while he did hero business.
They became orphans after SS had used up all of his life force and inevitably hitting his limit which would kill him completely if he wasn’t rescued by the services of Hell for recovery and rehabilitation.
He was slain fighting Kurutta Jiin, the Mad Temple, he said the fight was fair and SS totally didn’t do anything illegal and that he had some GREAT food afterward.
The Semi-Sisters tutor took care of them and eventually assimilated with the Funk Town orphanage to help more owls.
The Semi-Sisters found Dylan Wales to be a funny owl because he was very quiet a lot of the time but in several cases was known to break out in some serious fits of rage.
His parents had died before the age of Revival, when Dylan was quite young.
The Sisters hung out with him and grouped with him in band practice.
Dylan found out about his powers when we was going particularly hard on the drums and accidentally used his power BlockBust.
They way he works is he starts out as a less than complex shape of an owl, very… blocky, and would eventually build up blocks by either hitting an enemy or blocking an attack.
The more blocks he got the more higher definition he would become.
Blocks also acts as his shield, making him durable and when hit, will lose blocks.
When he had clobbered that middle drum, it practically blew the SemiSisters off of their little stage.
He then looked very funny, because he was low on low block count.
He also felt less him, like he was missing parts of himself.
He didn’t know what to do, and got taken to doctors who also couldn’t help, the only people who could were Power Researchers, who told him of the potential solution to the problem, that being hitting or blocking something.
They took him to a gym to test it out and found the hypothesis to be correct.
But this also meant that he would have to regularly engage in combat to regenerate his blocks.
But once he had a lot, he could just go home and refrain from using BlockBust.
So he took up a part time position at the SSDS, so whenever he wanted, he could go and regain his blocks in combat.
He would keep visiting the Sisters, but the SSDS were experiencing high power levels of enemies, and needed assistance with teamups.
Dylan didn’t want to leave his teammates behind, so he would pick up more hours, working full time hours under the part time role.
He was assigned to be a follow up Burst Melee for a team that may have included a very cool owl.
But was rejected once after being too much of a hothead for teamwork.
After the very cool owl vouched for Dylan with his life, he was given a second chance to try again.
But before that, the cool owl gave Dylan the number to an owl therapist/philosopher named Hammel Wiway who could help him with his issues.
Cooleo (because we all know who the fuck the ‘cool’ owl is referring to) said that if he could learn to cool off sometimes, then he could be a part of his team.
And that he did.
