But he is half the talker.
He was made by Devilious and gained powers of Evil Star Glimmer and Evil Moon Gleam, which were two celestial aspects turned sour and rampaging onto owl world, 
They were promptly smashed into each other by Mr Tectonic who hurled Evil Moon Gleam directly at Evil Star Glimmer.
When they were taken to Hellsky holding observatory, where the planets were kept#
They were due for some rehabilitation when they managed to pull off a move that they hadn’t used before which caught off their holders and let their projections slip out into the sands of hell.
They made their way to Devilious’s home when he was out getting donuts.
When they found a young Codarius in the kitchen eating cereal on the floor, they didn’t know who he was and decided to try destroying with a Darkened Gleam.
This usually fractures away their enemies body.
But when it landed on Codarius, it dissipated, leaving a dark mark on him and a small protrusion on his forehead.
It was a horn.
This revealed to them that it was Codarius, he had inherited an ability that was like his dads.
The Scourge Surfacing, which would make him slowly transform into the Scourge, which was a merciless mindless monster with incredible strength, but when transformed, reversion was practically impossible.
Codarius attacked the Evil Star and Moon by  uprooting and throwing the kitchen counter at them.
This woke up Tumor.
He immediately inhabited the body of a dead god he kept (refer to his profile) and used its power to decimate the celestial owls for good.
What is usually called Ultra Mortis.
But Codarius was still in his half Scourge state, and wasn’t turning back.
So Devilious, along with some other doctors and revivalists found a way to use the Evil Stars powers to give Codarius a new ability.
The MoonCycle ability, which allows him to wax and wain with his Scourge form.
Codarius now usually spends his time outside of hell, keeping an eye out the new rehabilitated owls.
He’s one of the few owls who is allowed to fly with natural wings because they aren’t riddled with feathers.
But his focus changed when he is tasked with keeping an eye on a mysterious owl who has been messing with his life force, using a ‘revive’ method that was separate from the revivalist method.
His name was Cooleo.
