Dynamo has an incredible ability to create anything he wants to with his Spear of Creation. 
It has adjustable tips too!
The Dynamo family were known recluses, with Glen starting out as one as well, his father having created him on a canvas. 
The goal of the Dynamo family was to paint the Painting of Life, a painting each generation of Dynamo had done that represented their life, before passing the Spear or Creation to the next generation. 
Glens father created him early, after practically going mad at his inability to generate his Painting of Life, he got close, but never to it.
If a Dynamo couldn’t make their Painting of Life, then they would miss out on the ultimate fulfillment and be unable to pass on to other realms or to reach the pinnacle of clarity.
You would also not be able to utilize the Spear of Creation to its fullest ability, and wouldn’t be able to conjure your ideas into the world.
Glens dad lost his mind completely when Glen was 14, his dad trapping himself into an abstraction painting of his own self, his face twisted in endless turmoil and torment.
Glen was pissed off at this whole destiny thing and didn’t care for it much.
So he picked up the spear and swung it once onto a large canvas, leaving a big brown splatter on it.
“That’s it.” He said aloud.
“My very own painting of Life, just some bullshit shape that I don’t understand.”
And it worked! The Spear of Creation was activated and beamed to life, allowing Glen to draw up things from his imagination, and bring them to reality.
At first he didn’t know what to do, didn’t know what to draw, see, Glen wasn’t a very creative artist.
He found beauty in the things he saw but couldn’t imagine new things very well.
So he decided that he would get his Adventurer License and explore the vastness of owl world, consuming all types of art and literature, framing all of his memories in paintings of his creation.
He never liked fighting in teams, but would occasionally follow hero or villain teams, watching how they mingled and spoke to each other, being absolutely astonished at everything and wanting to paint everything.
And, though Glen was none the wiser to it, with every place he went and every group of people he studied, a new beautiful brush of paint would be added to his Painting of Life back at home.
