Electricity Type. Seemingly infinite scaling. Ranges between Compromising and Uncompromising.
Excels in all categories and can reach highest speed when charge attacking.
his power gauge is the Electron gauge, a gauge that depletes while fighting and then replenishes
and increases after a successful fight.
John Wattzworth came from a suburban neighborhood in Owl World, he was the only child of his two mothers and gave up the academic life after he decided to shape himself up as a Lightning Type 
His neighborhood was not very power-related, most of the owls around him had various jobs, with the most prominent being in architecture, gardening, mapping, and relaxing.
his town liked relaxing a lot, they lived in a place where any weather was good weather and being outside was where they were the most. The people lived socially and usually came together in random set locations (usually someone's house) and made food, gossiped, and, depending on whether it was cold or warm, would either do a movie night in the winter (they had a fancy for SSDS live content) or move down to their very large beach and enjoy the water.
How could this environment be the homeplace of the most mentally deranged, power-hungry lunatic that was the first and most endangering threat to Owl World's existence, with a serious threat of extinction to the entire species and being the cause of the fifth 100-Day Intergalactic Congress?
Well it is documented that the innocence of the town lead to a collective lack of recognizing a problem when it began to grow, plus Wattzworth left for the SSDS Trainee Complex when he was 13, which is where it really began to spiral.
John Wattzworth's first experience in the realm of Heroes was by watching them on the TV, where he learned the basics of fighting, class identification, rank, and combat development.
But what really sparked his interest was the Thunder Chamber that acted as the foundation of his town, he would visit this place with his moms when the town was having a large holiday, in which they would go inside the Thunder Chamber and hold their largest feasts; upon asking his mothers the origin of this chamber, they told him it was originally a training ground for the toughest SDS rankers, they said that on the news you would hear that a SDS member would disappear for some time, and that when they did, this is where they went.
This place wasn't very wholesome as usually it would be a pair of members who entered the chamber, where they would train hard and violently, way more violent than official SDS training grounds would allow; the Thunder Chamber believed that near-death fights could help develop new skills.
The chamber was closed after SDS member Mr. Tectonic accidentally killed another member in the chamber, after which the Thunder Chamber was inevitably revealed in the documents accounting the death 
of the member.
After the third 100-Day International Congress that ended with a failure to resolve all proposed problems in the 100-day period, which Mr Tectonic attended as Champion of Electro's realm, he fought for peace and ruled that the Thunder Chamber was a horrendous experiment that he was too young and ambitious to understand.
He then dedicated his powers to defending lives not destroying.
this is all well and good, but the moral of the story seemed to miss on Electro
You see Electro experiences a certain 'high' when his Electrons engage and, although he didn't know it, that high is what pushed him into further 
pursuing the hero career.
He became an SSDS member at 14 and was pushed up the ranks by a certain owl named Godrick Googolplex who saw the infinite scaling potential of Electro and wanted him to be a common pair with his son Quinn Vigintillion in order to further separate the lower-powers (those who cannot grow anymore), and the higher powers (large-infinite scaling). This pseudo segregation was one of the undecided issues from the 100-Day International Congress.
Electro worked a lot, and, after moving to Owl City, being a hero became his life, working more than he slept, and eventually, power became who he was, and nothing more.