Evan and Dauna originate from separate regions that are quite a ways apart.
Both communities were quite small and the two separate didn’t cause too much of a stir in the power charts because of the popularity of basic elemental users.
Electricity elements being banned for a while when electro was at large.
The two first met when they went to owl city to try and further their careers in something.
Evan wanted to be a hero force investigator and Dauna wanted to be an interpretative ice skater.
Evan didn’t have much of a family, actually not one at all as his egg was simply left on a the seat of a Quadra bus that drove other owls around the planet.
The bus driver was informed of this mysterious egg and took it to his home (which is also on the bus).
This bus driver became the only family Evan had and raised him on that bus.
The region the bus driver regularly stopped by (because he had acquaintances there) became where Eruptor would stay when he got tired of the bus.
It was a small area full of funky owls that taught Evan how to garden, do basic school stuff, and how to pick a power.
He stayed there until becoming old enough to want to see other places.
His original parents were still on his mind and so that was where he wanted to go, but as to where they were, he didn’t know
This is where Evan learned more about the art of investigating, which was made easier by his dad knowing a little about the people who were on the bus on the day he found Evan’s egg
Eventually Evan found out who they were and knew where they were now; initially he wanted to go meet them, but got cold feet and dropped the subject for a little while and further focused on his powers and joining the SSDS

But, in a Top 20 Hero Conference, he noticed Deneye was there and, after telling him a TLDR about his upcoming, asked Deneye to check on his dad (the bus driver), who was fine, and then on his actual parents.
Deneye looked and saw that they were chilling by a lake together
Deneye was curious and decided to Wormhole Step over to where they were, bringing Evan with him
He asked them about Evan, the egg they left, and why they left it
They said they changed their minds on wanting a kid
Evan asked would they have abandoned him at anytime in his life if they didn’t feel like being parents
They said prolly
Deneye took Evan back and remarked that his job is deciding if other species are intelligent and compromising enough to keep their spot in existence, and that those owls would not have passed that check
After this Evan moved on to hero business in Owl City, magma/lava magic can be magnified when the user has strong emotions, and with Evan’s new knowledge about his parents, he definitely had enough of anger to go around. This helped him reach higher ranks.
As for Blizzard aka Dauna, he had a casual normal life with parents who had good morals and lived in a beautiful community, they didn’t like fighting and so never informed Dauna that it existed.
Because of this, Dauna used their interest in ice to make their own ice rinks and practice interpretative ice skating.
Eventually they too moved to Owl City to practice for an Olympic that was around the corner.
This was when Eruptor and Blizzard met, at this time Evan was on a mission against a supervillain named Max Murder, when the battle was going south as max murder had gotten 2 kills, with each one doubling his attack and speed
The battle was going so south that a mini alert was sent out to non-heroes, requesting help from anyone with a slowing ability.
Dauna was still new to the idea of heroes and villains, but he knew that he had the powers that were needed and therefore skated out to the scene
This introduces the most interesting fact about Dauna, you see, when Dauna becomes Blizzard, somehow, although having no experience or knowledge in anything related to battle, Dauna shows an incredible display of focus, teamwork ability, and willingness
Plus a serious tolerance for pain
Eruptor team, with the help of Blizzard, defeated Max Murder, with Evan and Dauna mixing their abilities to cast a Pyroclastic flow, which is like a large avalanche
Evan’s team leader saw their synergy and suggested that they team up more often
Dauna accepted this offer, and now he fights with his new partner and later boyfriend.
Though Daunas parents still think he’s practicing ice skating
