Wally zinger comes from a family with little powers, and was born with his powers that were first considered a birth defect.
His blood is corrosive
His corrosive blood is similar to that of Crazy Fly’s
Bug type corrosion has no counter but takes longer than other acids, but Wally has a super corrosive venom because it is his blood
Wally was an only child and was quite the rebellious one, going off to explore without telling anyone, and bringing back weird things that he did not admit to stealing or not stealing
He was a smart kid though, but his education was cut short when he killed one of his classmates
This owl was a bully of Wally’s school, and liked punching people in the gut. But when he went to attack Wally, it wasn’t gonna be an easy fight.
Wally got the upper hand and actually knocked down the bully, but after that decided to leave him alone despite the crowd cheering for him to keep beating him.
But when Wally was walking away the bully was starting to get up and one of his classmates decided to give him a baseball bat
Before knowing what was up, Wally was unconscious
He woke up abruptly to a rather disturbing sight; on top of him was what looked like the bully, but he looked different
When Wally’s eyes came into focused he realized that the bully’s face was melting, with rancid blood dripping onto Wally’s face
The bully twitched sporadically and eventually fell to Wally’s side, dead, it turned out that he had tried to finish Wally off with his signature gut punch, but when he did Wally spewed out a load of his corrosive blood right onto the bully’s face. 
After being revived the bully’s family then asked Wally to be expelled from school and blacklisted from other schools around his region
Wally would the separate himself from his family who weren’t actually mad at him and were quite understanding, but Wally needed to distance himself from them.
He traveled a lot, and later found some Hootubers who told him that he should start his own channel.
His content mainly consisted of travel blogs and videos of Wally doing parkour
He would occasionally talk about the properties of his blood and all of the cool things his doctor told him about the owl body
Eventually Wally would try and join the SSDS, but wouldn’t be allowed due to their being a small educational requirement which Wally didn’t meet.
So he went with the easier option, Villainy, it had no requirements really, you could be evil but you could also just be a renegade, badboy, or just a rebel, which Wally thought he fit into pretty well enough.
He would do fights, win almost all of them, and would eventually start participating in Killgrounds, which were places where any owl would go to duel someone else.
His current most popular Hootube video is titled “Desert Duel with The Mighty Thimble [battle + analysis]”
