Hammel Wiway comes from an old region in owlworld that used to be a scrapyard and is now a thriving city that utilizes shrubbery and greenery to support their homes
The community is very humble and still pays respect to the old ways of plant life, Owl World at one point in time changed all the greenery in their world for a new generation that could be communicated to by other owls, so that large trees could grow in tangent with other owl structures without causing harm.
It was first pitched that greenery should be gotten rid of entirely, with there being no real use for them anymore as better alternatives have long been invented.
But the Wiway family has long respected plant life and therefore went on to invent the new genome of plant that can be told where to grow, and more easily convey their conditions and how they favor them.
Because of this, Hammel Wiways region has developed a calmer and slower way of living, as plants grow on their own time and only patience can make them grow more.
Hammel is a well educated owl who helps with building the community and mostly assists in moving large objects.
He cannot easily carry anything large or heavy, but can pick up and throw (yeet in fact) anything that he can pick up.
Hammel was caught up is some SSDS drama when his region started being gatekept by the Smile Team, who at this point weren’t very well known, when they arrived, Hammel was not yet a hero, but knew enough about combat.
Quin Vigintillion approached him and said that people with the Smile Patch were the only ones who were the good guys, and any other power people who came around the area should not be let in.
Quin heard word that there Scientist Dr. Shlamm Gregavyne aka Mudface was aiming to hide out in Hammels town and didn’t want anyone to get to him first, so decided to defend the area until Mudface appeared. 
Quin knew that there might be trouble as the Hero normally associated with fighting Mudface was Black Fury, Aka YoYo Blackrose.
Quin told Hammel to watch out for any person trying to enter into the area, and that an owl named Black Fury was not to be trusted.
This didn’t work out well for Hammel as Black Fury is practically impossible to detect, and he was able to slip past Hammel and defeat Mudface before anything got out of hand, when Quin heard of this, he returned infuriated.
He attacked Hammel, but after hitting him once, gave it up and left.
Hammel felt ashamed of his failure and lost his fire.
Until he saw an advert on Hooter of an owl by the name of Owlda Linn, it read:
“Desperate requirement of mental coach/therapist to cure me and future generations of severe critical deficiency of self preservation genetic instincts, immediate attention required, I might be dead in days, teach me how to slow down, will pay when stock market reopens” 
Wiway saw this and thought he might be of help and so entered his HootMail to the advert.
Within a minute he heard the loud cry of an engine approaching and looked out his window to see a mangy owl pull up to his house in a motorcycle.
This must be the guy.
Hammel now rides with Anarchy with Linn and Snowither, and although their current objective remains… undiscovered, the gang get together well and Hammel teaches Owlda patience and manages his online dating account.
