Igor Lokkdin is an old owl who spent the most of his life in the time before Revival
In his youth he was a team player who understood the uncanny disadvantages the owl race had against the gods and new it would take everyone working together to even stand a chance.
In the old days he was a key keeper and in the older days he was a novice lock picker.
When he found out about the existence of the gods by reading the memoirs by Mr. Tectonic, he didn’t feel comfortable doing any of his normal activities anymore, nothing felt real.
But he heard that Tectonic, along with some members of the Devil Family, were forming a secret network of owls who were trying to regain power over the owls, with the hopes of finding ways of concealing their actions and motives from their omnipresence
But in the second 100-day congress, which they were under the impression that the gods were probably spectating, an owl by the name of Dr. Mocaraymus displayed his thesis on where they could find blind spots in the god’s omnipotence.
He said they were not as perceptive as they might expect, bringing up past incidents where a sudden divine occurrence happened that quickly altered something in their world, he claimed that these occurrences were the gods trying to quickly fix something that they had overlooked.
Most of these changes were power related, which also proved that owls were capable of reaching levels of strength that was considered threatening to the gods.
They asked him why he was saying this all if they could be listening, but he brought up a list of large events that were going on at the time of their meeting.
“If you really listen to the world, you can feel when the gods are present in certain places, I sent some owls to gather data around the largest events in owl world, and they came back with the levels of presence they could sense.” 
“So I took the leisure of choosing today to talk about this topic; right now some of the biggest events in owl world are happening, we have Funk Town hosting their largest rock concert ever, the Castle Infinitum is being raided by another group of unknowns, and Celestial day is today at SDS headquarters, plus only 12 champions attended todays meeting, we aren’t worth watching, the air feels empty cause nobody’s around us.”
During this conversation, they come up with a plan to try and invade the home of the gods, they were prepared to fight if they had to, but mostly they just wanted to know more.
Igor Lokkdin was going to be their way in, his ability to lock pick had been developing to an incredibly strong ability that the gods overlooked as it wasn’t power related.
Now he had the ability called Slip-Through that allowed him to detect when someone goes through a restricted passage and piggy-back off of the person, slipping in with them.
Once he does he can then channel his ability called Key-cast that allows him to make a perfect replica of the door he just passed through, finally, he would cast Access-Accomplice that allows other people to channel to his location.
These are all very powerful abilities but balances out with Igor not having any way to actually defend himself physically.
But the plan was set, and their team consisted of Jackslay, Devilious, Terminoid, the Blackrose couple (excluding their son Yoyo), and Mocaraymus 
They then set a date, which was when a large arena battle championship was going on. They had Igor in a quiet dark room to focus his power, trying to sense the passage of people.
Finally something caught, someone had moved from one place to another; he focused on that person and immediately casted Slip-Through.
After doing so, he found himself in a completely unknown environment, he quickly looked around him and saw the god that he had piggy backed off of.
The god seemed to notice the disturbance as they began turning around as Igor hastily casted Access Accomplice and pulled the Blackrose couple to him who immediately used their shadow technique to mask their presence.
They didn’t know if this would work, and were relieved to see the god give up the hunch and keep on with what they were doing.
He then pulled through the rest of the team and they began searching for information.
What happened in their invasion of the Skyward Citadel is a long story of events, but to keep it short it ended with some of the group members being discovered, leading to a fight breaking out,
The Blackrose couple were killed and Terminoid was badly injured.
Igor was left undiscovered and was able to cause a distraction by finding a repository where the gods kept logs of their prototypes, he found one that was designed by one Shineaghan Blackblight that was deemed too dangerous and was to be dematerialized.
He located where it was being held and went straight there.
The beasts name read Bellenori; Igor used his unlock ability to disable the lock (though it really didn’t look like a regular lock, but his ability works with any lock)
After freeing it the beast did just what Igor wanted it to do, cause an absolute shit storm.
He found Terminoid who said that Jackslay and Devilious were fighting a god and that he couldn’t find Mocaraymus.
Igor warped Terminoid back to the dark room he started in, and heard the cries of the owls from the outside.
Apparently Develious had done something none of the owls or gods thought he could do.
He used Devils Gamble (a 50/50 coin flip on who dies) on a god, and won the bet.
He just killed a god
He was violently cast away from the Citadel with a very wounded Jackslay
Mocaraymus didn’t make it back and the owls stared at the sky as it gleamed with turmoil
Their planet was surely to be destroyed now.
Which would have been true if the Chosen Owl hadn’t broken the cycle and destroyed the realm of the gods. 
After which the gang was finally reunited with  Mocaraymus who fell from the sky back down to their planet.
He had been captured, but they were unable to kill him, though they tried many many times to.
Igor nowadays spends his time in quiet peaceful places as he constantly keeps an ear out for doors being opened and closed.
He wasn’t afraid anymore because they had learned things about the gods now, how strong they were, but more over how weak they actually were.
But seemingly all of the gods were dead now and the citadel fell silent.
But he could hear things moving around in the deep abyss, the war wasn’t over.
He still searched for this Chosen Owl, as the biggest question everyone had was who was it that killed all of the gods.
Igor thought their savior must have been an owl that he saw the face of an own in the repository he found that was labeled Chosen: Candidate Stabilized.
Igor was the only one who knew the face of this owl, and nearly lost his mind when he saw the spitting image of this owl.
Sitting on a park bench surrounded by friends, drinking from a juice box and asking his friends where he should cut holes in his skinny jeans that would make his ass poke out in the most horrendously provocative way possible.
“ITS YOU!” Igor said
“I know” the strange owl said.
Igor ran up towards the owl, gripping the collar of his shirt and frantically saying.
“NONONO YOU DONT UNDERSTAND YOU ARE THE ONE THAT-“
“I” the owl said standing up now and looking Igor dead in the eye.
“Know” he finished, Igor was shocked and started hobbling away, keeping eyes on the owl who had gone back to now cutting holes in his underwear and putting it on his head like a mask.
