Ion Centry is an owl who was created by underground soul builder Dr Ramenoff Kroitz
Ramenoff works for designing practical applications and a few weapons of war, he has close ties with Noodles and other pasta based industry inventors
Owls create other owls by channeling their powers into a new individual body that becomes their child, but some owls have tried changing steps in the process
Ramenoff channeled his power into a prebuilt machine that he had created, when doing this solo, the personality of the owl can differ.
Instead of a mix between the two partners qualities put into the new child, Ion Centry had a mind that would develop using the qualities of Dr Ramenoff Kroitz and the flesh memories of the materials he was made from.
The material Ion Centry was made from was ancient and durable, it was first discovered by owls back in the Time Before Revival, when the owls had not yet figured out how to revive and when the gods were still in heavy control over them
This material was durable and light, and was used for armor and doors, great big doors of castles that held great feasts and endured the toughest of battles.
Owls rarely fought back in the Time Before Revival because they understood the importance of their fragile lives, and had the common enemy of the Gods.
But every now and then there would be divine interventions that would not always help the owls, they were called “tests” and they were brutal
One castle was completely ravaged, and nothing of it remained intact except for the great doors
This lonely archway still stand in modern owl world, opening for passers by and keeping its shine for eternity.
But Cooleo remarks that the doors look sorrowful, as if they enjoyed being the thing that protected these many owls, and felt that they had failed in their task in defending the owls of their ruined castle.
This personality of the material would reflect in Ion Centry, him being a very strong and very protective character.
Although Ramenoff created Ion Centry, he mostly makes them to sell to others, in this case, Ion Centry was sold to one Dr Shlamm Gregavyne, who is more commonly known as Mudface 
Shlamm is a crazy scientist along with being one of the few mudbenders, a power that most owls wouldn’t consider a power at all.
But Shlamm persists through the Villain ranks in order to show that a mudbender can be the most powerful supervillain in the world, and his work shows his determination. 
Shlamm saw Ion Centry and thought he would make a good bodyguard, he would have taken any Centry that Ramenoff made, but after learning about the material IonCentry was made of, Shlamm connected with him the most, he had visited the ruins of the castle once by Mud Puddle  Travel, and said he remembered the day when it collapsed, he was young and heard from his dad on how it fell, and how everyone in that castle died.
Shlamm was an older owl and his dad was even older, both alive around the time before revival, and although Shlamm wasn’t going to have kids, he did think IonCentry would be a good addition to his life.
Ion Centry is now a member of the underground Villain Club and usually fights the same heroes that were assigned to keep eyes on him, those being Spearhead, Hydro Flo, and later Red Moon, IonCentry is usually seen escorting some of Mudfaces henchmen.
