Skal Packer is an old owl who has lived in the age Before Revival, back when the owls were still on the Military Team as defenders of the owls.
They had been through some owl vs owl wars, but there were few of these because owls tended to easily find common grounds on which they could agree upon.
Skal was Overseer of the Skies, he would fly across the entire planet and view possible threats from above and below.
The gods tended to send threats to the world in order to spice up the situation and test the owls.
But mostly it was just for entertainment.
Skal used practical weapons to fight oncoming attacks as power development wasn’t as common in this era.
The first owl to develop a power was a friend of Skal’s named Allen Poacher, who developed a unique ability that he could not control.
When Allen Sneezed he would generate a huge blast of energy from his mouth, it was strong, but hard to aim.
Owls had the ability to fly by flapping their wings, but when Poacher was on watch, they had to refrain from Bare Flight due to the high potential risk of sneezing.
So Skal and Poacher would team up regularly.
Their biggest battle was the Battle of Skyshatter, which was a particularly brutal attack on the owls.
The battle ended with a close victory, with many of Skals regiment being ravaged.
But Poachers ability was a large factor in their win, which made the Owl Military invest heavily into Power Researching.
They discovered that you could channel energy into weapons, and potentially wield a power that wield a power of any kind.
This was a breakthrough as previously the only way to have a power was to be born with one.
Skal couldn’t find a new power within himself, but could definitely channel his energy into his gear, sacrificing his own energy for huge boosts in jet pack thrust and was given a melee weapon to channel his energy into.
The Owl Military slowly phased out and was replaced by the Supers, the first iteration of superheroes, after the gods fell, they had gone through their third iteration, the Super Duper Supers.
The power ranking system was implemented and soon Skal was no longer a captain due to age and a lack of significant special abilities.
But he’s had enough of service, and now studies the political realm of owl world, making it into the 3rd Universal Congress.
He also founded the Jetpacks Prevent Poachers law that advised everyone to no use Natural flight when poachers watches the sky, which is a thing he still does to this day.
Checking the skies for friends and foes, and always ready for disaster to come raining down.
