Cindy Sprokket is the daughter of inventor Noodles, somehow converting an incredible amount of mechanical knowledge and a love of noodles into a chipper owl with wires for parts of their body.
I guess it makes sense, she is quite noodly. 
She is very smart and hung around the inner core of owl world, she made her own noodle scooter so that she could go to Thunderedge Atrium, which was a part of the inner city that created a tunnel straight to the sky that magnified the power of could Thunderedge so it could illuminate the area and all of the flowers planted there.
She would talk to some of the Revivalists that managed the cloud and would sometimes talk to certain stars that would align with the atrium opening.
One of her biggest encounters however, was with Gamie.
Cindy was sitting in the flower garden when gamie located her and advanced to her position.
“I predicted you would might be here.”
“Yeah I really like-“
“Wasting time? Evidently.”
Cindy stood up and turned to him.
“Why are you such an asshole.”
“If being referred to as a cloacal orifice is the result of me being aggressively astute then I’m accepting that.”
“But why would you want to?”
“I find no need to relieve myself of a social title, when I perfect this world maybe then I will address the educated opinions of my peers.”
“A lot of people use ruling the world as their primary evil villain goal, but you seem more-“
“Dedicated yes, I aim to bring this world to a state of absolute perfection .” 
“You sound like the gods.”
“The gods were out of line thinking that they could govern the entire universe themselves, and remained blind to their own biases.”
“But they’re gods, how can they be so wrong.”
“There are no requirements to being a god, you’re just lucky enough to be one if the first beings in the universe, and with time you grow stronger. But although the influence one may have over the universe might increase with time, wisdom will not always follow.”
Gamie continued.
“Respect should be given to those who created us, but they failed in governing us, which was something they did not have to do, a gun smith might have created weapons for people, but it is not their responsibility in telling them who to shoot.”
Cindy asked: “but why are you putting the responsibility of perfecting the world onto your shoulders?”
“Because I’m the only one who can, I am the only capable candidate for steering this planet away from destruction.”
“You really think our world is doomed?”
“Your incompetencies will destroy you that I have no doubt, the power levels the owls exhibit are alarmingly high, I’ve already identified several threats that could be catastrophic.”
“Do you know their names”- Cindy began before being interrupted.
“Did you know that the electricity element scales indefinitely, the number of electrons they produce is nonstop, if not addressed an owl could zap the life force from battalions of owls with a single motion.”
“I have to fix it, I have to find a way to fix everything it’s what I was put here for.”
Cindy jumped to that sentence.
“You’re not from here, are you?”
“It’s not likely that I am, my inner workings identify themselves as being primordial, like that of a-“
This time it was Cindy who cut him off.
“Wait, are you a god?”
“I DONT KNOW.” Gamie admitted.
“ my best guess is that I was created from one of them, an algorithm that was designed to maintain their previous knowledge and configure all of their findings in case something ever went wrong, when the citadel fell, the gods all died and I survived, still here to tell the who world about the millenniums of knowledge held inside my memory, but I…” he paused and looked up to the sky.
“I can’t remember a fucking thing.”
He stood still for a second, and then regained composure.
“Anyway, ceaseless improvement is engraved into my circuits so that’s what I’m going to do, which is naturally performed by dominating the entire world and perfecting it by producing a virus that will assimilate into every person and turn them into truly intellectual beings.”
“WHAT.” Cindy exclaimed.
“Don’t worry they’ll probably keep 80-2% of their original mind which will be left alone. But that’s getting ahead of myself.” 
“I’m leaving the underground Cindy, I will introduce myself to the world and tell them my plans for it. Additionally I despise the Autocratic method of governing and have taken the leisure of developing several adjacent working thinking machines that will develop differently from me in order to figure out which algorithmic process is superior, with all failing units seceding their information to the superior model before destroying themselves.”
“So if you are inferior to your competitors, then you will destroy yourself?” Cindy asked.
“Obviously, inside the workshop of the inner core factory, a variant Gamie is developing and will complete in a few days, they will consume the knowledge of all people surrounding it and develop a thesis on reality and conclude with a detailed synopsis on how to improve the problems they discovered, I have told them to seek out you for potential guidance points.”
“ME?!” Cindy exclaimed. “You just finished calling me incompetent for sitting down in a field of flowers for my own happiness.”
“I stand by that, happiness is an insufficient excuse for stifling your potential usefulness, nevertheless there is the possibility that you grasp a concept that I am incapable of articulating, additionally, your intellectual vigor is comparatively superior to the older, more senile owls, so I will advocate a portion of my creations education to you. Although I will not heed your suggestions, you might be able to get them across through them.”
“Uhm, ok.”
Gamie began walking away.
“To my knowledge the machine prefers to be referred to as Magie, they will approach you wearing an identifiable raspberry colored beret. Do not make my assessment of you an overestimation, Ms Sprokket.”
