Markus Snowither comes from a very cold region that is eternally dark due to a broken planet colliding into them.
They’ve hollowed out the planets inside and have dug small tunnels through it for travel.
The icicles that have formed at the ceiling of the planet are so large that owls have built housing up there as well.
The planet colliding with their region hit the townsfolk pretty hard, with a large number of owls caught in the impact.
Those who were caught didn’t get flattened, in fact, the frosty environment around them meant that the floor beneath them was pure ice and snow.
After the impact, a handful of townspeople were buried beneath the ice, but still alive.
Three of Markus’s family members were trapped beneath the ice, along with Markus himself.
Markus was stuck deep within the ice, and couldn’t move, only think.
He tried to struggle but the ice was halting the movement of his blood, he thought he was gonna die, but wanted to fight.
He thought hard about the ice and about how he always wanted to have a power to use, but never knew what it was, he thought perhaps he could learn the ways of the ice as he was being held in it.
He could feel the ice invading his mind but decided to let it in, suddenly he could feel the ice in a different way, he could feel how large the ice had piled up, could feel the sun melting the edges of the ice as the owls of his region were slowly scraping away the rock and rubble off the pile of ice.
He could also feel his other family members in the ice, and that they were still alive, but it was strange, because one of his relatives, his sister, was slowly fading.
He needed to leave the ice, he needed the ice let him go.
Or, he needed the ice to get him out, so he let the ice hold him, and slowly push him through its body
He started swimming through the ice, getting faster and faster, eventually he resurfaced at the top of the ice pile, to the surprise of the other town members.
With his new powers, Markus hastily told the members of the town who was still in the ice.
They freed 37 members from the ice, but to Markus’s concern, his sister was not one of those, and she felt vacant from the ice now, he tried to locate the position where he last remembered she was, and found a gap in the ice, where the ice felt hurt, like it was melted.
He has yet to find his sister and joined the SSDS in order to grow his connections and to see if someone like Deneye could locate her, but he could not.
He joined the Smile Team at one point, hoping he could rank up faster, which he did, but after talking to higher ups about finding her, including the Find-It-Man, and Speed Zero
No luck.
But after meeting Hootman in a new rotations party, he started to lose hope as the owl could not find her in the soul archive, until Hootman told him about something rather interesting.
“I can’t find her soul which means she might have already been dissolved into the cosmos, buuuut there is the other possibility.”
“Her soul may belong to another being outside of my archives, not that I know of these said beings, but one does hear rumors.”
Markus persisted
“We call him GWAL “
This sent Markus to roam the planet in search of more rumors about GWAL, but eventually began losing hope as nobody knew anything more.
He started getting angrier and acted out violently against some owls who reported him as a Villain without a liscense.
Inevitably Markus fell into villainy who was quite disliked due to his association with the Smile Team.
But everything changed when an owl named Owlda Linn decided to claim his bounty for some extra cash.
After defeating Markus rather easily, he revived the owl and offered to join the Anarchy group.
“Join the cause that has no cause”
“Did you have to kill me to ask me that?”
“I need money, wanna join my team?” 
“Aren’t you a quadrillion”
“Lost it, bet on red it landed black, wanna join my team?” 
“Huh, trying to use my bounty to turn a new leaf?”
“Nope straight to a stock. Wanna join my team?” 
“Why bet the money away?” 
“Got a feeling. Wanna join my team?” 
“Do you know anything about GWAL?”
“Yes”
“Then you’re my only hope, I’m in.”
