Mockaraymus is an old owl who has been around in the age before revival.
His dad was a politician and his mother was a part of the Owl World Military, using her special ability to regenerate rapidly.
Moc was expected to be the best of both worlds, smart like his dad and strong like his mother.
But from his hatching, he wasn’t a very successful owl in either field.
Reading wasn’t really his strong suit, and his body proportions were a way over exaggeration of his mother’s.
His big long arms were heavy for him and often gave him troubles walking.
But nevertheless, his parents didn’t give up on him and kept on teaching him and training him physically l
Eventually they learned he had an extra bone ligament in his arms and found a way to work out each new muscle unique to him.
Learning was still rocky for him, but eventually he made his way to forming coherent speeches, refusing to lie when he spoke, and actually took good care of finding the right word for what he wanted to say.
His father’s intellectual prowess was clearly not entirely lost on this boy.
He eventually decided to split his time up with training with his mother and going to work with his dad.
His dad actually was apart of the communications and judicial law group of owl world, working in the same team as Devilious Devil.
His dad primarily worked on the impacts unnatural events had on owl world, and if there was a potential force that was imposing them.
He said it was the forces of the primordial was his best guess, and made it a point to try and prove it.
Although he never found the most concrete evidence, he showed Moc some positive results that seemed to prove his idea.
Eventually Moc grew stronger as his parents grew older, eventually retiring and focusing on Moc.
They asked him which direction he’d like to commit his life to.
Moc started with the Owl Military while he was still young.
He performed well despite being a sore thumb with his unique body shape.
He served there for quite some time, but faced a barrier when he was met with a primordial event.
Monsters were released all around the land from an unknown origin, these creatures stirred up the planet and left many dead.
Among these were Mocaraymus’s parents,
Moc was convinced that this was an attack by these primordial forces and wanted to prove their existence once and for all.
The primordial events lessened, but Moc kept an eye out for them.
The only events he would encounter would be several small breakouts of some creature from space, some illogical weather patterns, and strange changes in deep space that were discovered by the astrologers.
One time, there was a beast that had been released, and Moc arrived there in time to see it.
With his buddies, they went to capture it instead of killing it, and went to research its nature.
They brought it back into their research facility and began studying its composure which was formed of some type of hyper primordial material.
They were also able to feed it and keep it alive by forming a supplemental source of sustenance that would give it all that it would need.
It became docile for a time, until the the research team started developing a way to travel the cosmos with the beast being used as a means of navigation, with luck, they could find where it came from.
When suddenly the beast started crying out in agony and rapidly transforming.
It morphed into a horrendous nightmare that was much larger than it was before.
It broke out of its cage and began rampaging.
This was when Moc died.
Or more accurately.
This was the first time Moc died.
Because prior to this, he had no idea of his strongest ability.
Cellular Transdifferentiation
When Moc is killed, his soul reverts all the matter belonging to him back to its former state.
Essentially bringing him back to life.
While also making him twice as strong and twice as smart as before.
Using this he destroyed the beast.
This sparked the first Universal Congress, which Moc was able to attend. 
The choice on the gods legitimacy was on the table.
Moc had a little bit versed in the political world because of his studies with his father, but there were some big players here who were a lot smarter than him.
Additionally, he had also discovered that his hydra like power and intelligence growth would only persist if he was in battle, since then, he had receded down to his ordinary level of strength and intelligence.
So this would be a rough time.
Several owls began to claim that the gods influence was confirmed by the beast.
“It’s confirmation, it is.” Said an owl researcher. “Our research team were on the cusp of locating the origin of this beast that we had successfully captured and domesticated, but just as we were about to initiate the guidance system that would allow the beast to direct us, it out of the blue began going berserk and surged with new unidentified strength.”
“I find it to be very likely that some primordial being was watching us from above, and wasn’t too happy about us finding its home place, so decided to interfere in prevention of it.”
Some owls agreed with this, and others claimed that although there are other beings in the cosmos like the beast they had captured, there is to guarantee that there is one that is an original creator that has a soul purpose of watching over us.
Moc was unsure on how to swing it, he knew that his dad believed in the existence of gods, but most of his military friends usually just coughed it up to it “just being other creatures who wanna fuck with us.” Saying that their appearances were random.
The conversation was undecided until a new owl came crashing down into the conference.
Moc asked who he was, they said he is called Star Tzar, and that he never attended a single meeting before this one. 
He was an extremist and had split a part from the owl world government to for, his own kingdom.
When he arrived to a meeting it meant he had something important to say.
Mr Tectonic started by trying to introduce him.
“Everyone, please welcome fellow warrior and scholar, Star Tzar.”
Star Tzar piped up immediately
“Enough of the introduction, I am here to discuss the how we aim to kill these gods.”
“We haven’t even confirmed their existence-“ started Tectonic, but what cut off.
“I have seen and heard enough, not from you… from the stars, on the day the beast sprung back to life they chanted the songs of disturbance, and BEHOLD! I guided my gaze to the stars and saw it!”
“What did you see?” Tectonic asked.
Star Tzar bounded to the top of the table and mimicked how he gazed at the stars.
“The deceiver. It was what they chanted at me. Their little voices crawling into my ears telling me this CHANTING the word like a cacophony of angles they screamed DECEIVER… DECEIVER!”
“What are you getting at Star Tzar!?” Tectonic exclaimed,
“It was no star twinkling its dazzling lights, it was ONE OF THEM! The gods have finally had enough of us meddling with things we shouldn’t, and they think they can do whatever they want to keep us weak!”
“How can you be so certain Tzar?” Moc piped up, seeing his dad only showing moderate signs of belief for the entirety of his research, and now this owl, who saw a single sign and was certain.
“The stars have NEVER LIED TO ME!” He said, but the other members seemed to crave more proof as they didn’t have the ability that only an extremist known for being quite radical had.
Star Tzar was upset at first, looking around the table for those who might support him, but everyone seemed to be only half convinced, although guaranteeing that they will continue funding the research operations that they do, and were still doing tests on the body of the monster.
But Star Tzar was not having it.
“THE FIRST MEETING I ATTEND AND ITS JUST AS I THOUGHT. THE EXTREMIST CAN SPEAK BUT NONE WANT TO LISTEN.”
“That’s not true Star Tzar we-“ said another officer, but was cut off.
“So you’re with me?!” He said pointing his spear at the owl, “You’re prepared to pick up arms and go to war against them? Ready to dedicate everything we have into finding these gods, and exterminating them?” The owl began to fumble his words.
“IN, OR OUT?” Star Tzar said. The owl held his tongue and stayed quiet.
Star Tzar nodded and pulled back his spear. “Out! Ok! That’s alright well then what about YOU!” He said, jabbing the spear at another owl.
He did this to all of the owls who tried to wiggle in that they would assist him, but not to that extent. This was still not enough for Star Tzar.
Finally he made his way around to the last owl, Mockaraymus.
“In…” he said, locking eyes with him, spear tip gleaming with cosmic energy.
“Or out?” He finished.
Moc wanted to say yes, his dad would have wanted to say yes, the craving for revenge on the beasts who killed his parents wanted him to say yes.
But he was the newest member of the group, these people must be more knowledgeable than him, right?
So… as Star Tzar tilted his head, noticing Moc’s eyes contemplating his answer, Tzar even began slowly mouthing the word ‘yes’.
“No.” Moc finally admitted.
“HAH! FINALLY A STRAIGHT ANSWER.” He said laughing while he pat Moc’s shoulder.
“Good for you newbie! Although it wasn’t the answer I wanted, you still show confidence and bravery! Now this is who I’d want to lead me!”
Moc didn’t know what to say, just stared at the eyes of a very complicated owl.
Eventually Star Tzar pulled back with a beaky smile.
Then he aggressively stabbed the ground with his spear.
“RIGHT!” He said with a new spunk to him. “I understand all of your opinions, and although I don’t  agree with you on things, I would never let our disagreements stop us from doing community cookouts, or stop me from regarding you as anything other than the most intellectual, respectful, and wonderful people I’ve known. HAH especially this fella.”
He said pointing to Moc.
“I’d like to socialize with you all later. BUT, I an aware of my lackluster contribution to this society, and wish to further implement myself to it, so as a FIRST job that I will be assigning to myself, will be to kill one of these gods and bring their carcasses here so you will have no more doubt!”
“Star Tzar…” Tectonic said, but before more words could be exchanged, the owl had already shot  back into the sky, the same way he entered.
Star Tzar would be successful in proving the existence of the gods, what happened to him is in T’s file and Star Tzar’s.
But his actions would trigger the SkyShatter event, which was the first event that the owls knew was caused by the gods.
And eventually it would lead to the Invasion of the Citadel, which Moc was captured by the gods and was certainly to be killed, but he came back, no matter how many times or how many ways they would try to destroy him.
Eventually he was freed by the CycleBreaker (Cooleo) and returned to owl world scarred but ok. 
He would then become a more knowledgeable politician, solving issues and fixing himself an electric chair that could keep him in combat while he would work. He started with dying 3 times which provided him substantial knowledge and quickness of logical reasoning, but eventually increased to 7 deaths, which he would use when attending the Universal Congress.
He would speak out against Goderick Googolplex, calling him out for abusing the hero system, speaking with confidence and not being afraid to admit when he was wrong.
He tried to live in the manner that his parents wanted, and how Star Tzar would have.