Toro Nado is a lower lever StormBrewer, but doesn’t mind fighting for top spot and instead enjoys interpretive dance and broadway.
She hangs out with her other friends in the StormBrewer area and sometimes joins them on hero  raids.
She was once close to an owl named Mr Twister, but he went away to work with an owl named The Hootman.
She keeps in contact with him but he seems different now that he’s with The Hootman, a little more paranoid than usual.
She likes her career in the performing arts but got worried by Mr Twisters absence and so decided to work with investigators along with YoYo to discover what was up. 
After having a sit-down with Hootman, he said that Twister might have been indoctrinated.
“I’ve broken ties with my brother some time ago for multiple reasons, it had come to my attention that his aim, his unwavering aim was to separate the revivalists away from the rest of the owls.”
“It was his idea that we could become the new gods, he came to me with handfuls of papers that broke down each and every god recorded to have meddled with our world, he gave each of them names and pinned them together in a hierarchy of order.”
“He said that it was a wondrous thing that they had created so much and that their system could have worked; he gave me some pointers on where they were going wrong and where they could improve.”
“That’s when I asked him: what is this all about?”
“He said: we could do it better than they did.”
“And man I tried to tell him that going that route is never gonna work, that we’d be breaking dozens of promises we had made in the Universal Congress.”
“But he wouldn’t see it that way, and eventually I gave up tryna change him, god damn I wish I hadn’t.”
Hootman told Toro that The Hootman lived in the middle of the Great Puddle, which was the largest body of water in owl world.
Toro ventured out to the place and found it was encased in a giant tornado, with winds too strong for her to break through with her powers.
Now she hosts a campaign which owls can join in hopes of breaching the storm, but the campaign was disbanded as StormBrewers were put on lockdown as a new threat had appeared.
The electric owl has lost his mind.
