Dylan Fandango has the ability to phase into objects, and append them into the same space as his body.
He can append things into his personal space and also phase other objects through him.
He worked as a dishwasher on the flying samurai ship that would occasionally take off and sail the skies, traveling abroad to sell their unique dishes.
Eventually he made his way up to prep work, and later secondary line chef.
His powers weren’t very apparent to him though, neither of his parents had a power so he didn’t expect to be born with one.
His dad was a chef for a Johnny Whoppers restaurant and his mother owned an antique shop that Dylan would regularly visit.
The day he found out about his powers was when serving a dish at work, the ceiling fan fell off its hinge and plummeted to the table.
Dylan knew he couldn’t move in time and got ready for the impact, but instead found that the fan was phasing through his body.
The second he saw this he accidentally appended it to himself, and although he could have let it phase the rest of the way through him, he decided to keep it because it’d be a cool talking piece.
His last name came into fruition after that, and later Dylan would learn the fandango dance and asked a forgery to craft him some castanets for his weapon.
He still wanted to keep his cooking job, and so only got an Adventure license from the SSDS which allows him to explore dangerous places and potentially get into skirmishes with other villains.
On a day that he was trying to create a new dish for his restaurant, approached him with a request.
“A host will be with you soon for your order sir.” Dylan said focused on his meal. 
“I’m gonna need you to hold onto this for a bit.” Said the strange owl, plopping down something on the counter. 
“It’s probably illegal by now so just keep it with you until I get back.”
“What are you talking about-“ Dylan began to say before hearing a loud crashing sound. His attention was finally caught and he spun around to see what was happening.
As his eyes darted around, he saw that there was the hilt of a sword left on the counter with a large smear of blood leading off onto the floor.
He follows the smear and looked over the counter, the owl he was just talking to was collapsed dead on the floor!
His soul was taken, but instead of going to heaven, it went downward, which usually means an owl had gone into a fight after being resurrected before they had healed their life force to a suitable amount. 
Those who go to hell are kept there for rehabilitation and eventually released back to the living.
But what was this owl going on about?
Before Dylan could recollect his thoughts, a big boom rumbled the foundation as a very very large owl came stomping into the building.
He was huge, dressed like an ancient Asian building, with six arms each brandishing a large sword. 
He balanced himself on a seat by the counter and looked at the menu for a minute.
“Hey dude I’d like to order a large bowl of Beef Sukiyaki with a side of Tempura with Teriyaki sauce please, if you use the Sukiyaki recipe with the sake in it then could you please like double the amount, all toppings of simmered vegetables but I’d appreciate a little more bamboo shoots if possible, my blood pressure is a lil high and I want a lil more fiber in me.” 
Dylan didn’t know what to say, so, instead, he just started cooking what the owl ordered as he fished some change out of his pocket.
But finally, Dylan spoke.
“Did you have anything to do with killing that owl on the floor…” he said
“What owl on the floor?!” The owl asked interested. 
“The one right next to your talons.” Dylan said.
The owl pulled his head back and looked down to his left, where the owl wasn’t, and then to the right and saw the owl lying limp on the floor.
He stared at it for a bit… 
“HAHAHAHA” the owl roared and wheezed suddenly as he slammed a hand on the counter, briefly bouncing everything on it into the air before landing back down.
“Yeah I killed his ass, I’m a villain and he was in charge of going after me.”
Dylan wasn’t thinking of fighting this towering owl, but had to ask.
“And you’re not gonna ravage this place and like, kill me, are you?”
The owl turned to look at him, sliding off his chair and standing over him.
“I mean, I could.” He said menacingly.
Dylan was locked into the eyes of this towering owl.
But then a little beep went off somewhere on the owl, which he responded with by bringing one of his six arms in front of him that had  little kiddie watch on it.
“Ope, off work now, guess you got lucky.” He said pulling his chair back under him.
“Not that I was gonna do anything anyway.” He admitted.
Dylan let out a sigh of relief as he went back to making the owl a bowl of food.
As he was frying the tempura, the owl piped up again.
“Hey dude you gotta do something with this sword you got here.”
The hilt of the sword made its way back into Dylan’s mind and what the owl had said about it.
“Fuck, he said I needed to hide it, I hope he didn’t mean from you.” Dylan spoke honestly.
“It’s not me that you gotta worry about.” The owl spoke. “That owl I plundered had the ability to increase the sharpness of weapons indefinitely; at the back end of our fight he upgraded his blade to a new level of sharpness, something that’s never been done before.”
“A blade that could sever an owls life force. Check this shit out” he flung out another one of his arms to reveal a hand with a working thumb, but four limp fingers.
“So sharp of a blade my damn fingers didn’t fly off, but the life force connecting them to me is gone, severed, I’m gonna have to rip those bitches off after this meal- aye man.” He said interrupting himself to gesture to the tempura that was getting close to overcooking.
Dylan finished making the meal and closed down the shop while the owl ate.
“What should I do?” Dylan asked himself but loud enough for the owl to hear.
“That’s up to YOU, but tampering with life force and permanent death is illegal. That blade is mad powerful, but it’s Voodoo I can tell you that.”
In the end Dylan kept the blade, it was invisible because it was so thin, but he saw the owl had a sheath with him and so guessed that was its length, luckily the sheath could still contain the blade without it hurting Dylan.
It was one hell of a night.
