Joe drowsy is kind of a loser on the outside and doesn’t lead his kingdom well at all.
But that’s not all he has to offer.
Joe Drowsy is a king and part of a bloodline that lead to the early times, before revival,
His dad and grandfather died defending a kingdom that was ravaged by one of the tests the gods decided to challenge owl world with.
Strategy was one thing that lead the Drowsy family line to victory hundreds of times before.
But overwhelming force makes a good strategy useless.
And that was how the Drowsy family fell.
Which makes Joe quite depressed.
But his power remains a strong one.
Deeper Sleep is the Drowsy ability that gives them the power of premonition, which does not necessarily mean what is going to happen, but rather the intentions of all owls and what they wish to see to happen.
It is more of a prediction and it is strong, with premonition owls weighing their strength in accuracy, Joe Drowsy has an accuracy of 65-100% and can tell how accurate it is when viewing it.
The strongest premonition user on owl world is Cooleo with a 100% prediction rate that was only recently broken to 99.999%-100% with the emergence of Gamie.
Gamie also has the Quantum Universal Operation Theorem Assessment, aka QUOTA, which has a similar prediction rate as Cooleo.
But Joe is useful in his own way as owls with Premonition abilities are rare and communicating their predictions is the biggest factor for predictions.
The more that know the prediction, the more the future will actually change.
But recently Joe Drowsy has been plagued with nightmares, premonitions of the past, of his father’s premonitions and their deaths; these waking nightmares have been repeating every time Joe goes to sleep, harming his mental health and not allowing him to help predict things in present time and potential future.
But when he stumbles across Owlda Linn who was hired to take the crown away from him, Owlda made a hypothesis about Joes dreams.
“You don’t wanna see them but maybe neither did your fathers want to, and maybe after their deaths they realized something and are trying to show it to you.”
“Maybe they’ve realized that despite hating the future they saw, they should have looked at the premonition closer, swallow their fear and peer into the future again, for something that won’t save them from their fate, but something that could save a new generation.”
“Idk I’m spitballing here anyway gottogobye”
Joe Drowsy’s redemption with show when he finds a secret hidden in the sands of the past.