Quin Vigintillion is one of the many children of Godrick Googolplex, his family is a rich family that all live in the center of Owl City, they dawn many hats, but ultimately focus their bloodline on honing the ability to maximize damage with their Ultra Pierce ability.
The family has been experiencing hardship as they had accumulated their numbers all the way up to a  Googolplex, almost reaching the legendary Infinity Point, which was said to be the next generation of their family.
But in an unexpected twist, their family had started declining in numbers, generation by generation, with Quin being the 22nd child of Godrick Googolplex.
Some of Godricks children have procreated as well, having children who dip into the mere Quadrillions.
Quin takes care of an abandoned child of the Damage Family (which they are usually referred to as), this child had their name develop into Bill Billion, which was far to low for the family and was henceforth abandoned.
But with the influence of Sid Anderson, a close friend of Quin, he decided to take care of Bill Billion
Spearhead was a good SSDS member but also at some times quite devious, being the creator of the Smile Crew, a crew of Heroes who gatekeep villains from other heroes in order to defeat them themselves and gain the power they get from defeating the villains.
Quinn’s family is aware of his crew and say it is a great idea.
But Godrick Googolplex hates that Quin hangs out with Sid Anderson, namely because he’s a lower rank owl with no chance of reaching top rank, or anywhere higher than where he already is.
This is reason for the disconnect Quin has with his family
He also is unaware that his dad is trying to segregate the lower ranks from the higher in order to once and for all stop Quin from being with Anderson
Godrick almost passed this rule in the third Continental Congress, but was challenged by another member named MOC.
Quin utilizes his ability of the Ultra Pierce by creating a new ability for himself named Skewer, this is an ability he developed that allows him to generate all sorts of sharp protrusions from his body that can vary in size and length, all with the ability to Ultra Pierce.
He has hit the #2 and #1 spot in SSDS ranks before and takes Sid Anderson to all of his high rank galas.