Spiky and Diky are not brothers but you could not tell them that without being laughed at by everyone around.
These owls are ready to take on every world problem there ever was.
They have no money to their names due to both of their families dying in the time before revival
But they were able to suppress the existential fear of being two chicks in a world ruled by cruel gods and kept shmoovin.
They came from different towns but were close enough to find each other (as like 1-day old chicks roughly 6 inches tall)
They met underneath an awning for a bus stop, they talked about how after being alive for 2 hours and 23 minutes they saw some serious political inefficiencies that could potentially hinder the status quo of the wellbeing of Owl World as a collective group of co-independent individuals.
And how ice cream should stop melting because then they can’t eat it as easily
They told the bus driver they wanted to go to the most politically turmoiled city so they could help solve at least all of their problems.
The bus driver happened to be the father of an orphan named Evan, and said they could hang back with him until he could drop them off at the Wonky Hexagon.
When they were there, they met some of the locals who were preparing for the 100-day Congress, and that if you wanted political turmoil, that was where you’d go.
The young owls snuck into the viewing area for the conference, they weren’t able to actually attend the conference but could at least watch it.
They found it the most interesting thing in all history and took a big liking to Mocaraymus for being so intelligent despite his outward appearances.
Mocaraymus was then approached by the now brothers asking if he could teach them how to be smarter than they currently were.
He was charmed by these little guys and decided to tutor them.
But he made sure to get them practicing on a fighting field, which they still have yet to choose.
“Politics are the foundation of our society, we govern what is good and what is bad, moving boundaries every day to accommodate for every type of change in circumstances, while keeping tight hold of key morals that should never be lost.”
“Nevertheless, these fancy words may seem like a form of magic, but they are useless against outer threats that have no sense of purpose whatsoever, and deny logic in order to forward their savage natures; sometimes war will force itself through, and unfortunately the decider of who wins is the side that is the most murderous.”
“But if you want to fight with your words, I heard about an aggressive speaker who is summoning anarchy in a once monarchy by using his words, they call him Badmouth, give him a lookup.”
