T is an owl who grew up very small
They thought he would grow, but he didn’t
And neither did his name
In owl world, owls can either pick their names or keep it blank until they grow one
Their names can be found on the inside of one of their primary feathers
Most families take one out and leave it framed on their wall to watch the name be carved into it.
T did not get anything other than a T
Most think it’s because of how mature he was at such a young age
They say he even read books in his egg
After trying to diagnose him, Hootman found that T might have been the reincarnation of an owl from the old times.
This owl was named Star Tzar 
He was a mercenary owl who claimed a portion of land and called it his kingdom
He wielded the 5-point star which was a staff that he forged from a shooting star that barreled into him.
He caught it and forged his soul into the blade, giving it the ability to exceed terminal velocity when thrown, increasing its damage the longer it flew to a point when it becomes bright like a star.
He could also control its direction with his mind and could summon it to his side whenever he needed it.
He was a big dude and didn’t care about the gods above, claiming he could tear one to shreds if they thought about attacking him.
This would eventually lead to his demise
One day he got really drunk and started talking smack to the sky, saying that he craved a new challenge.
Some god heard his mockery and decided to show him their strength.
A smite fell from the sky above and scorched the feathers and skin of Star Tzar.
But he was still alive.
He laughed as they hit him again, with him losing more of his body from the blast.
The third and final time he was able to wrench his arm back and lunge the spear into the sky with the force of a god.
But the smite hit afterwards and turned the now defenseless owl into ash.
Another win for the gods, but not as clean as they’d like it.
You see, after the third smite, there was silence before owls noticed a shadow in the sky.
Something was falling from above.
It hit the ground with a large thud.
It was massive.
It was the arm of a god. 
Star Tzars small kingdom would be later inhabited by more owls and coined as the home of the Arm of God.
The 5-point Star would be lost to the cosmos, sometimes owls would notice its gleam from deep space.
Years later a family of two wanted to a new member of the family, and wished on a shooting star that they could have a kid who was fearless and kind. 
Days later they heard of the 5-Point star landing back on owl world, which they thought was funny because it landed the second their egg had hatched.
When T grew up (but was still little), he knew of his possible past life, but didn’t remember any of it.
Frankly he did t believe it much.
But one day he was caught up in the crossfire of an SSDS mission against SuperVillain who sent a thrall after T thinking he was a hero member.
The thrall (named StabStabStabStab) came at the helpless T knives out.
But the second before T would have met his end, a light flashed before his eyes as he saw StabX4 getting split in half by a flaming meteor spear.
In was the 5-point star.
At that moment T knew who he was, and his parents knew which ‘shooting star’ they had wished on.