Taco bueno is the adopted son of Hootman Hootsalot
He was accidentally created when hootman was eating some fire diarrhea tacos and a little tipsy
He was messing around with life force and accidentally turned a taco into a living thing by breathing life into it
Although it was an accident, Hootman knew there was no turning back now, and decided to raise the taco as one of his own.
Taco bueno was a strange soul because his soul was visible and would be easier to see when his shell was completely empty, with condiments being added to feed him, slowly burning away as he consumed.
He also had no body, as he was a taco.
So Hootman fashioned him one that could be customized and piloted with an ample amount of touch and control.
During Taco Bueno’s childhood, Hootman noticed that Bueno’s personality would shift around defending on what he consumed, with the only relative constant being his rebellious and aggressive demeanor that is probably gained from his spicy taco shell,
He was not favored by fellow revivalists and The Hootman did not approve of Hootman accepting in an adopted child and that he should have deprived the life force from the taco when he had the chance.
Hootman didn’t care and continued to teach Taco Bueno the ways of their family, including how to pilot the Thunderedge, how to grow a star to power the cloud, and how to use the abilities of a revivalist.
When discovering the history of owl world, he was informed of the existing family of the Hootsalots, and how they had previously been divided after the Battle Against Extinction, with him being a part of the business side of the family and not the autocratic side.
But Taco Bueno wasn’t settled with picking a side and ignoring the other, so he decided he needed to set out to discover all of his family members and try to get them to unite once more.
He has customized his suit to fit his style and started to search for his distant family, starting with his half family, the Devil family.
His abilities is similar to the Hootsalots, but instead of just using buffs and power ups, he can also use debuffs, and can mix both of them together to form an Equilibrium, which provides him with perfect invincibility.