Ted(short for Edward) Asthen is older then he looks, having lived the majority of his life in the Time before Revival. 
TLDR for now: abilities, laws he made, made the 100-day council, smashed the brother moons into each other, fought in the final war against the gods, the Extinction Rebellion.
His parents were born with the power of controlling the asthenosphere, which is a portion of planet that is formed of rock and magma, it is generally a less stable material, but his family would use this combination of rock and lava to fight the enemy forces, which usually were non owls.
Ted on the other hand had a distinct control over the Lithosphere, which was a layer higher and composed of solid rock.
The upper Lithospheric Mantle was once a solid unit that protected the core of owl world, but has been fractured over time into 16 pieces.
More commonly known as tectonic plates.
Ted can control these plates, and even pull them from the ground, which he doesn’t do for the plates on Owl World.
He started off using the lithospheric mantle of a dead moon that had been destroyed in a battle.
One of his contributions to defending the planet was assisting in the SkyShatter Event.
Which was an event that the gods created.
They has sent a Planet Leech to destroy Owl World, not caring if they survived or not.
Ted helped keep their planet alive by grasping its lithosphere and moving the entire planet through space to keep away from the Planet Leech.
While he did that they had Skal Packer dive into the monsters mouth to traverse down its stomach into its power core that was at the very back of the worm.
They couldn’t damage the monster until that core was destroyed, which Skal eventually did with the help of Ted who used the mantles or other planets passing by to keep the beast from struggling too much. 
In the end it was Poacher who delivered the final blow, or… sneeze.
It was this event that made the owls realize that they had to make a move against the gods before the gods destroyed them entirely.
It started with the Invasion of the Citadel with Igor Lokkdin
Which Ted helped plan and was there to defend the exit of Igor and the Devils.
But that wasn’t the end of the battle, it was the beginning of the end.
At least for the old world of owls.
They would call it The Rebellion Against Extinction.
It was all of owl world against the gods.
Fire and brimstone rained down from above as the gods were preparing to forward the onslaught until not a single owl remained.
The owls would have lost though, due to their power restrictions and the strength the gods possessed.
But the Devil Family frontlines while the Hootsalot family provided them with boosts to their strength.
Ted was the frontline of the hero team.
They were losing the fight until the Cycle Breaker showed up, which was the owl that the gods were creating, apparently it had gained sentience and immediately attacked its own creators.
With this advantage, Ted was able to grip the foundation of the citadel and break it in two.
Afterwards, Ted hosted another Universal Congress about what would come next.
He would be the creator of many laws, and would diagnose the overall problem with owls in modern times.
“We’ve been trained to expect danger and fight it will everything we’ve got, and now we feel all but restless as that part of our lives is gone. I understand the importance of a maintained fighting instinct, but we can all agree that the gods were nothing short of pure wickedness. 
So I propose that we form a new demographic of owls, a Hero demographic that can be trained and earn a license that says they are capable of handling their own powers, I also recommended we have an opposing force, the Villain force that has less restrictions but is also under more threat, both sides will have active and inactive hours and will only be able to combat the opposing side.
You can retire whenever you want.”
This would pass as a great way of keeping owls keen in their skills and help them deal with their instinctual urges built over time. 
Eventually they would also pass that villains could fight villains to make that side more robust.
They also later passed the law of regional guardians, which had a hero owl defend a single region, which would also become their home region.
Mr Tectonic chose his place, a town that had an illegal fighting arena that Tectonic discovered and shut down.
He would then proceed to oversee the regions people, remaining unaware of a potential threat that was building like a storm.