Tumor T devil is the firstborn son of Devilious Devolius Devil.
He likes his dad and is one of the few owls who stayed with him after the division that happened when they had to strengthen their own powers.
The Devil family like each other very much but unfortunately all use a Blood Art that is dangerous to owls other than themselves.
But Tumor sticks around with his dad Devilious to help him deal with the therapeutic sessions he has with owls who overclock their life force.
Tumor makes it his duty to keep the particularly violent owls that come down to hell in check. Most are villains, but even the heroes show their own levels of aggression.
Tumor has the ability to generate an infectious amount of tumors onto his body, tumors of which possess a separate dna sequence in its blood that can essentially make it a separate creature from Tumor.
But most of these creatures are vastly underdeveloped.
The first display tumor had with his powers was curing cancer for good.
Nobody can handle the tumors besides himself.
At one point during the Rebellion Against Extinction, he was able to infect one of the gods with a tumor, letting it grow and infect the host, transferring the cellular dna of the tumor into the host body.
He then proceeded to take over the body of the god, now piloting two bodies and once.
He used it to fight other gods and eventually brought it down to owl world and locked it up in a chamber in hell.
That chamber being his bedroom.
It’s still there.
It scares his female owl friends when he invites them to the place.
“Is it dead?”
“Nah cause then how would I pilot it?”
“Does it sleep in that second bed over there?”
“Nah that’s where my lil brother Codarius sleeps.”
Codarius is the more sparky of the brothers, spending most if his time in Owl World.
Hell is a branching dimension from Owl World with a single connection point that is locked with a key that each member of the Devil Family owns.
Mockaraymus works the legal side of the place along with the reception desk.
He also lives in the residential area of Hell.
Which is a nice place where the damned go, along with other owls who visit and want to stay for fun or just to be with someone who is currently damned to there.
Tumor works the Life Force Decomposition System where leftover Life Force is collected, unallocated, and sent back up to Heaven to use as a spare reserve of life force.
And also has a section in the rehabilitation process of owls where he stands by the Monolith of the Lost, which is a massive black stone that has the names of all those who have died inscribed into the stone, there is also a twin half in Heaven that carves in the names of all those who are currently alive, a stone which is substantially smaller than the one in Hell,
Tumor likes poetry and well written literature, and would like to find someone to read for him while he tends to the garden around the Hellbound Library, usually asking some of Devilious’s clients to stop making cookies and read for him.
The willing residents of Hell tend to speak out about pretty much everything, and scream about wild theories that they persist are real.
This is partially due to Hell being a free place where getting in trouble is near impossible, and also because of what the Hellbound Library contains.
There is a certain section in this library that is only accessible to the Devil Family, and contains all the information gathered from the raid on the gods, along with predictions, prophecies, snatched secrets, and lies.
Tumor has wasted some owls for trying to get into that section.
“This shit would be publicly available if its inscriptions weren’t so misinterpret-able, sorry bud.
That concludes Tumors daily tasks.