Roderick Sayll is the victim of the many experiments of Dr Drugas, although most people know him as Dr. Drugs.
Roderick was a friendly kid who played soccer for his schools team. 
But things went south when he started getting fatigued half way through games, he tried eating healthier and balancing his sleep with his exercise, but nothing would work. He later learned that he had a heart condition that was worsening. 
It got so bad that they brought him to revivalists who said that his life force was deteriorating. Life force was a new discovery by the revivalists that realized that the whole of an owl was made up of two portions of matter, there was the first portion which was life force, which was matter specifically allocated to the owl, with the other half being any additional matter that the owl accumulated throughout their life, it is the life force that the revivalists restore to an owl when they die, if their life force is in their repository, then they can easily locate their matter and recollect it with a 85% collection rate, the rest being healed back with time, which is why if an owl dies too many times, they could lose too much life force that can’t be restored, and die for real. 
The doctor in charge of fixing Roderick’s condition was Dr. Shlamm Gregavyne, who was more popularly known as Mudface, which is his villain name after he split is career into medical care and crime after the total number of patients in need on owl world was low due to most dispenses being cured. Dr Drugas was an admirer of Dr. Shlamm and wished to be his understudy one day. At the hospital, Shlamm went to work. 
“Is he breathing?” Dr Shlamm asked.
“No he isn’t.”
“Good, if he was then he’d be in real pain right now, luckily his body is under the impression that it is dead and therefore doesn’t need to allocate neurons to pain.” 
“But… he’s still alive, right?” Asked another doctor.
“Of course he isn’t alive, currently his condition is dead, I am simply attempting to revert it back to its previous state.”
Shlamm asked that the room was sealed so the life force couldn’t escape very far. He tried to push the life force back into Roderick but it didn’t want to stick.
“Its a detection issue, his body isn’t registering the loss of life force and therefore doesn’t switch into recovery mode, I am going to alter his bodies function so that it enters into a state of forced starvation when its life force reaches below 100% and stops after it fully regenerates.”
Shlamm completed the procedure and brought Roderick back to life by giving him 50% of his own life force to shock him back to life.
“My life force is allocated to my will so it shouldn’t have a problem going to him if I will it to be so.” He said.
It worked and Roderick was back in living condition, he had sustained no injuries from the process and his body had properly healed back to full health.
This fascinated Dr Drugas and made him want to dedicate his life to it.
Eventually Dr Drugs created the Pain Detection Prevention System, which was a system owls could apply to themselves to allow them to not feel pain.
Roderick was the first test subject as Dr drugs offered to give him a free trial of the new drug on one of his hospital checkups.
It worked and Roderick thought it was quite cool, with the only exception being that the painless state could not be reversed.
But who wants pain?
Roderick wanted to join the SSDS later and did so, not having an ability path but just using brute strength.
Which wasn’t the most optimal thing.
He felt like after being revived he had to do something great, that he was given another chance for a reason.
So he tried to tackle a villain who was three ranks higher than him.
He got beat badly.
He was revived but lost some of his power and needed to wait a few weeks to regenerate his life force as he recovered slower than others.
In this time he went back to his checkup place early, seeing if he could find Dr Shlamm, but instead found Dr Drogas who said he was experimenting with something new, and he needed a test subject.
Roderick was willing.
Dr Drugas had found a way to increase life force percentages, he used the starvation technique that Mudface had invented and found that by triggering it at high percents and keeping it on after they regenerate life force to 100%, you could actually get more life force.
Dr Drugs had also found a way to convert a portion of life force into an incredibly powerful surge of energy.
He thought this combo would work well, and began testing on Roderick.
It mostly all worked, with the only problem being that Roderick now always felt hungry no matter how much he ate.
But he settled on this being the price and now is aiming for the top spot on the SSDS ranks, with so much excess life force that even a gnawed bone for a leg would move of he wanted it to.
The ethics of Roderick and Dr Drugs methods will be discussed in a Universal Congress.
